This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY BOBST LIBRARY. Not for redistribution.
This report may not be modiﬁed or altered in any way. The BLOOMBERG PROFESSIONAL service and BLOOMBERG Data are owned and
distributed locally by Bloomberg Finance LP ("BFLP") and its subsidiaries in all jurisdictions other than Argentina, Bermuda, China, India,
Japan and Korea (the ("BFLP Countries"). BFLP is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bloomberg LP ("BLP"). BLP provides BFLP with all the global
marketing and operational support and service for the Services and distributes the Services either directly or through a non-BFLP subsidiary
in the BLP Countries. BFLP, BLP and their aﬃliates do not provide investment advice, and nothing herein shall constitute an oﬀer of
ﬁnancial instruments by BFLP, BLP or their aﬃliates.
Bloomberg® 03/21/2025 15:15:32
Matthew BloxhamTeam: Telecom, Media & InternetBI Senior Industry Analyst
Breaking GDP's Growth Pull
Read Research Report: Global Advertising 2025 Outlook
Ad Agencies Braced for Muted Sales Gains on Pressured Budgets
Contributing Analysts Geetha Ranganathan (Media)
(Bloomberg Intelligence) -- Big ad agencies' organic-sales growth is poised to to converge around a
2% gain in 2025, based on consensus, as clients' marketing budgets are pressured by an uncertain
economic outlook, and investments in technology transformation and ﬁrst-party data capabilities
begin to fade. North America may face the biggest headwinds, according to a joint survey between
the World Federation of Advertisers and Ebiquity. (12/10/24)
1. Muted Organic Sales Growth; Operating Margin to Flat Line
Big advertising agencies' organic sales growth is set to remain muted in 2025, based on
consensus, tracking the industry's historical low-to-mid-single-digit expansion pace as clients keep
campaign budgets in check. Publicis' sales-growth outperformance vs. peers may narrow as it
grapples with an industry-wide pause in demand for digital business-transformation services.
Staﬀ-cost pressure is likely the greatest margin headwind, as agencies ﬁght to hold on to their best
talent and build their capabilities in strategically important areas, such as generative-AI,
technology transformation and data. Operational leverage from top-line gains and midterm
eﬃciency plans are key to boosting proﬁtability. (12/08/24)
Consensus Organic Sales Growth, Operating Margin
2. Deal-Making to Continue as Agencies Adapt Business Models
Some big ad agencies, notably WPP, may need to redouble eﬀorts to boost their marketing-
technology capabilities and business-transformation oﬀerings if they're to accelerate structural
expansion and break the historical sales-link with economic growth. Publicis and Interpublic have
made the boldest moves so far, primarily via acquisitions -- a shift that's being emulated by
Dentsu. The Japan-based agency aims to generate half of its sales from clients' technology
transformations over the medium term, up from 29% in 2024. This will likely necessitate bolder
M&A investment.
WPP and Omnicom have used small-scale M&A to boost their capabilities in disciplines closely
aligned with their core creative-advertising missions. That looks set to change given Omnicom's
reported bid for rival Interpublic. (12/08/24)
This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY BOBST LIBRARY. Not for redistribution.
This report may not be modiﬁed or altered in any way. The BLOOMBERG PROFESSIONAL service and BLOOMBERG Data are owned and
distributed locally by Bloomberg Finance LP ("BFLP") and its subsidiaries in all jurisdictions other than Argentina, Bermuda, China, India,
Japan and Korea (the ("BFLP Countries"). BFLP is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bloomberg LP ("BLP"). BLP provides BFLP with all the global
marketing and operational support and service for the Services and distributes the Services either directly or through a non-BFLP subsidiary
in the BLP Countries. BFLP, BLP and their aﬃliates do not provide investment advice, and nothing herein shall constitute an oﬀer of
ﬁnancial instruments by BFLP, BLP or their aﬃliates.
Bloomberg® 03/21/2025 15:15:32
Ad Agencies' Ecosystem of Opportunity
Source: Company Filings, Bloomberg Intelligence
3. Organic Sales Growth in Lockstep With Real GDP
Big ad agencies' organic sales growth has converged with the sluggish pace of real GDP expansion
as a post-pandemic campaign-spending overshoot unwinds. Even brands' investments in
marketing technology and ﬁrst-party data platforms, boosting revenue gains for Publicis and
Interpublic over the last couple of years, are being tempered as clients navigate an uncertain
economic outlook.
Our analysis suggests organic sales growth has closely tracked real GDP over the past ﬁve years,
with the annual rate of expansion averaging 2-3% before the pandemic struck in early 2020. An
average spread of 900 bps between the best- and worst-performing agencies in 2023-24 primarily
reﬂects market-share shifts among rivals and diﬀerences in regional exposure. (12/08/24)
Year-Over-Year Growth
4. Campaign-Spending Recovery Unevenly Shared
Publicis' cumulative 29% organic-sales gain to 3Q24 vs. 2019 reﬂects the success of its M&A-fueled
pivot toward business-transformation services, while Omnicom is beneﬁting from client wins, best-
in-class creative-campaign execution and full-service media capabilities. Interpublic's expansion
pace has stalled on client losses and a pullback in technology spending, while gains for WPP and
Havas have been hampered by strategies anchored around traditional creative and media
capabilities.
Dentsu has lost ground on rivals even though it's expanding technology capabilities via M&A. The
recent sales slump reﬂects pressure across its operations in North America, EMEA and Asia-Paciﬁc
(excluding Japan). (12/08/24)
This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY BOBST LIBRARY. Not for redistribution.
This report may not be modiﬁed or altered in any way. The BLOOMBERG PROFESSIONAL service and BLOOMBERG Data are owned and
distributed locally by Bloomberg Finance LP ("BFLP") and its subsidiaries in all jurisdictions other than Argentina, Bermuda, China, India,
Japan and Korea (the ("BFLP Countries"). BFLP is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bloomberg LP ("BLP"). BLP provides BFLP with all the global
marketing and operational support and service for the Services and distributes the Services either directly or through a non-BFLP subsidiary
in the BLP Countries. BFLP, BLP and their aﬃliates do not provide investment advice, and nothing herein shall constitute an oﬀer of
ﬁnancial instruments by BFLP, BLP or their aﬃliates.
Bloomberg® 03/21/2025 15:15:32
Organic-Sales Growth vs. 2019 Baseline
To contact the analyst for this research:
Matthew Bloxham at mbloxham2@bloomberg.net