11 March 2025
Next week, NVDA will host its annual GTC conference in San Jose. We discuss our
top questions/expectations into the event below.
DB Take: AI safety blanket?
Similar to last year (see our note here), we expect this year's GTC event to be
primarily "Data Center"-centric, with the segment now making up ~90% of total
revenues (vs. ~40% 3 years ago). In general, we expect NVDA to discuss the
expansive proliferation of AI compute across industries, and NVDA's various efforts
to expand this ecosystem (via GPU/accelerator platforms, DIGITS, NIMs, reasoning
models, physical AI/robotics, etc). We expect the primary focus of the event for
semis investors to be on the details of upcoming products on its GPU-platform
roadmap (Blackwell-Ultra/GB300, Rubin, Rubin-Next, Vera CPUs). We look for
color as to the ramp timing of these various platforms, with several seemingly
expected to come online in the next ~4 quarters (overlap risk?). On the demand
front, capex budgets for large AI compute customers (Cloud service providers,
consumer internet co's, enterprises, sovereign entities) appear to have remained
robust so far in 2025 (despite fears of scaling law limitations, efficiency gains, XPU
engagements etc), and as such we expect the supply-demand environment to
remain favorable for NVDA, at least in the near-term. All told, we expect NVDA to
maintain its characteristically bullish tone at this event, as it continues to pave the
way for innovations in AI compute. We acknowledge the market-wide pull-back
offers an intriguing entry point for this well-loved stock, yet we prefer to remain on
the sidelines until macro volatility resolves and more confidence in sustainable
growth in the out-years for in NVDA is found.
Blackwell ramp continues with GB300 introduction
On the back of the Blackwell launch & subsequent delays, we expect NVDA to tout
the benefits of its GB300 lineup, formerly referred to as Blackwell-Ultra. This family
is expected to deliver +50% higher memory capacity (move to 12-Hi HBM3E
memory stacks), resulting in significantly higher performance than current
Blackwell offerings. These performance improvements are expected to more than
offset higher power draws (estimated 1400W; new cooling solutions needed),
thereby offering an appealing TCO profile. While we expect GB300 to offer
significant gen/gen improvements vs. B200 systems, we wonder how customers
will respond/prioritize to the somewhat unintentional overlapping of product
generations.
Ross Seymore
Research Analyst
+1-415-617-3268
Melissa Weathers
Research Analyst
+1-212-250-2134
DJ Sebastian
Research Associate
+1-415-262-2007
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. Deutsche Bank does
and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should be aware that the firm may
have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single
factor in making their investment decision.
Deutsche Bank
Research
Rating
Hold
North America
United States
TMT
Semiconductors
Company
NVIDIA Corporation
Date
Company Update
GTC 2025 Preview
Price at 10 Mar 2025 (USD) 106.98
Price target 145.00
52-week range 149.43 - 76.20
Valuation & Risks
Reuters Bloomberg Exchange Ticker
NVDA.OQ NVDA US NMS NVDA
Distributed on: 11/03/2025 20:38:10 GMT
7T2se3r0Ot6kwoPa
This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
BOBST LIBRARY.
11 March 2025
Semiconductors
NVIDIA Corporation
Page 2 Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Rubin platform on display
Perhaps more importantly, we expect NVDA to use this GTC event to unveil its next-
gen GPU architecture/platform Rubin in greater detail. Rubin is estimated to be
based on TSMC 3nm, to use CoWoS-L packaging, and to be the first GPU to utilize
the HBM4 memory standard (12-Hi and up to 16-Hi stacks). Alongside Rubin, NVDA
is expected to unveil the "Vera" CPU, the successor to its "Grace" CPUs used in the
Hopper and Blackwell platforms. Given the multitude of changes expected in the
Rubin roadmap (new process node, new CPU, new HBM, new packaging
technologies) we expect very impressive performance improvements gen/gen.
Alongside these technology enhancements, we look to monitor pricing/margin
trends for this platform as the cost profile may shift materially.
Other announcements to set pace of AI adoption in 2025
Beyond Blackwell and Rubin, we expect NVDA to offer hints at the technological
innovations it has to come, particularly in the generation of GPUs to follow Rubin
(not yet named). We also expect NVDA to detail the advancements it has made
outside of direct AI compute, including the networking components (updates to
Spectrum-X/Infiniband expected, optical DSPs, CPO. Etc.), software, and other AI
ecosystem advancements.
This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
BOBST LIBRARY.
11 March 2025
Semiconductors
NVIDIA Corporation
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Page 3
Appendix 1
Important Disclosures
*Other information available upon request
Disclosure checklist
Company Ticker Recent price* Disclosure
NVIDIA Corporation NVDA.OQ 106.98 (USD) 10 Mar 2025 8, 14, 15, 24
*Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors . Other
information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary
subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/
EquityResearchDisclosures. Aside from within this report, important risk and conflict disclosures can also be found at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/Disclaimer. Investors
are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.See
Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
8. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) expects to receive, or intends to seek, compensation for investment banking
services from this company in the next three months.
14. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation from this company within the past year for non-
investment banking related services.
15. This company has been a client of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. within the past year during which time it received
investment banking services.
Important Disclosures Required by Non-U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.See
Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
24. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) is or has been over the previous 12 months party to an agreement with the
company relating to the provision of services set out in Sections A and B of Annex I of Directive 2014/65/EU, or has
over the previous 12 months been obliged or entitled (as applicable) to pay or receive compensation relating to the
provision of services set out in Sections A and B of Annex I of Directive 2014/65/EU.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website
at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/EquityResearchDisclosures. Aside from within this report, important risk
and conflict disclosures can also be found at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/Disclaimer. Investors are strongly
encouraged to review this information before investing.
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the subject
issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any
compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Ross Seymore.
This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
BOBST LIBRARY.
11 March 2025
Semiconductors
NVIDIA Corporation
Page 4 Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Historical recommendations and target price: NVIDIA Corporation  (NVDA.OQ)
(as of 03/10/2025)
Current Recommendations
Buy
Hold
Sell
Not Rated
Suspended Rating
** Analyst is no longer at
Deutsche Bank
Date
Security price
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10
11 12
13
14
15
16 17 18 19
Jul '22 Jan '23 Jul '23 Jan '24 Jul '24 Jan '25
0.00
250.00
500.00
750.00
1000.00
1250.00
1500.00
1. 04/20/2022 Hold, Target Price Change USD 255.00, Current Price
USD 214.82 Ross Seymore
11. 07/16/2023 Hold, Target Price Change USD 440.00, Current Price
USD 454.69 Ross Seymore
2. 05/26/2022 Hold, Target Price Change USD 190.00, Current Price
USD 178.51 Ross Seymore
12. 08/24/2023 Hold, Target Price Change USD 560.00, Current Price
USD 471.63 Ross Seymore
3. 07/19/2022 Hold, Target Price Change USD 175.00, Current Price
USD 169.92 Ross Seymore
13. 02/22/2024 Hold, Target Price Change USD 720.00, Current Price
USD 785.38 Ross Seymore
4. 08/25/2022 Hold, Target Price Change USD 165.00, Current Price
USD 179.13 Ross Seymore
14. 03/19/2024 Hold, Target Price Change USD 850.00, Current Price
USD 893.98 Ross Seymore
5. 10/17/2022 Hold, Target Price Change USD 140.00, Current Price
USD 118.88 Ross Seymore
15. 05/23/2024 Hold, Target Price Change USD 1000.00, Current Price
USD 1037.99 Ross Seymore
6. 11/17/2022 Hold, Target Price Change USD 150.00, Current Price
USD 156.77 Ross Seymore
16. 06/10/2024 Hold, Target Price Change USD 100.00, Current Price
USD 121.79 Joe Schwab
7. 12/13/2022 Hold, Target Price Change USD 170.00, Current Price
USD 180.72 Ross Seymore
17. 08/29/2024 Hold, Target Price Change USD 115.00, Current Price
USD 117.59 Ross Seymore
8. 02/23/2023 Hold, Target Price Change USD 200.00, Current Price
USD 236.64 Ross Seymore
18. 11/21/2024 Hold, Target Price Change USD 140.00, Current Price
USD 146.67 Ross Seymore
9. 03/22/2023 Hold, Target Price Change USD 220.00, Current Price
USD 264.68 Ross Seymore
19. 02/27/2025 Hold, Target Price Change USD 145.00, Current Price
USD 120.15 Ross Seymore
10. 05/25/2023 Hold, Target Price Change USD 390.00, Current Price
USD 379.80 Ross Seymore
§§§§$$$$$§§§§§
This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
BOBST LIBRARY.
11 March 2025
Semiconductors
NVIDIA Corporation
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Page 5
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Equity Rating and Dispersion Key
The Equity Rating Dispersion Chart depicts the following:
The proportion of recommendations that are rated "buy", "sell" and "hold" over the previous 12 months. This is shown for
securities issued in the stated region e.g. "Europe Universe". See rating definitions below. This is represented by the
"Companies Covered" bars in the chart. The percentage value displayed above the bar is the proportion as a percentage.
E.g. 50% above the “buy” / “Companies Covered” bar means that 50% of DB’s equity research covered companies over
the past 12 months  have a “buy” rating.
Next to each of the three respective bars showing the proportion of "buy", "sell" and "hold" recommendations we provide
two additional bars to show:
- The proportion of "buy", "sell" or "hold recommendations where Deutsche Bank and or/Affiliates provided MIFID
Investment or Ancillary Services in the past 12 months. This is represented in the "MIFID Investment and Ancillary
Services" bar. The percentage value displayed above the bar shows the proportion of Companies Covered with the given
rating where DB has also provided MIFID Investment and Ancillary Services in the past 12 months. E.g. 50% above the
“Cos. w/ MIFID Investment and Ancillary Services” bar means 50% of the Companies Covered with the rating stated have
also received MIFID Investment and Ancillary Services from DB.
- The proportion of "buy" (or "sell" or "hold) recommendations where Deutsche Bank and or/Affiliates has provided
Investment Banking services in the past 12 months for which it has received compensation. The percentage value
displayed above the bar shows the proportion of Companies Covered with the stated rating where DB has also provided
Investment Banking services in the past 12 months. E.g. 50% above the “Cos. w/ Investment Banking relationship” bar
means 50% of the Companies Covered with the rating stated also have an Investment Banking Relationship with DB.
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of TSR, we recommend that investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of TSR, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and, based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a
Buy or Sell.
TSR = Total Shareholder Return. Percentage change in share price from current price to projected target price plus
projected dividend yield
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices supersede previously published research.
This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
BOBST LIBRARY.
11 March 2025
Semiconductors
NVIDIA Corporation
Page 6 Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively 'Deutsche
Bank'). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources believed to be
reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-party websites in this
report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor is responsible for the
accuracy or security controls of those websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report, or
is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst,  Deutsche Bank may act as
principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal.  It may also engage in transactions, for its own account
or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report.  Others within Deutsche Bank,
including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken in this research
report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked analysis,
quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ from
recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, perspectives or
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts
are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading
and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do not
necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides liquidity
for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes have
shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings. Some trade ideas for
equities are listed as Catalyst Calls on the Research Website (https://research.db.com/Research/) , and can be found on the
general coverage list and also on the covered company's page. A Catalyst Call represents a high-conviction belief by an analyst
that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame of no less than two weeks
and no more than three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may occasionally discuss with our clients, and with
Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-
term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally
counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has
no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient thereof if an opinion, forecast or estimate
changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and
company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals.  Updates are at the sole
discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department Management, and the majority of reports are published at
irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular
investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or
sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a
product of the analyst's judgment.  The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and
investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to
change without notice, and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors.  If a
financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely
affect the investment.  Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations exclude
transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous
trading session and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors.  Data is also sourced from
Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding our
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect to our
research are available on our website (https://research.db.com/Research/) under Disclaimer.
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise to pay
fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows), increases
in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss. The longer the
maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the loss. Upside surprises in
inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse macroeconomic shocks to
receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets
holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency
conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are
also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by
indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in
emerging markets.  The index fixings may - by construction - lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables
they are intended to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating
coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons.
Funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps
(swaptions) the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.  The appropriateness
This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
BOBST LIBRARY.
11 March 2025
Semiconductors
NVIDIA Corporation
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Page 7
of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their tax position, their
regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should take expert legal and
financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss
in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable
in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited - up to
theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an
option, investors must review the 'Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options", at https://www.theocc.com/company-
information/documents-and-archives/publications. If you are unable to access the website, please contact your Deutsche
Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i) exchange
rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market
factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and changes
in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls, which could
affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are affected by the currency of an
underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://
research.db.com/Research/ on each company's research page. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information
before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial adviser,
consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information provided in
this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, Deutsche Bank is not acting as your
impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever as to any strategies, products or any other
information presented in the materials.  Information contained herein is being provided solely on the basis that the recipient
will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation
of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account type,
and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making Your decision.
The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated, who are capable of
evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment
strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products and services. If this
is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to Catalyst
Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have been made
consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has been reduced from a
maximum of 180 days to 90 days.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA and SIPC.  Analysts
located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates and are not registered/qualified as research analysts
with FINRA.
European Economic Area (exc. United Kingdom) : Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock
corporation with limited liability incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main.
Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and
by BaFin, Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at 21 Moorfields,
London EC2Y 9DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is
subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. Details about the extent
of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong SAR: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch except for any research content relating to futures
contracts within the meaning of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance Cap. 571. Research reports on such futures
contracts are not intended for access by persons who are located, incorporated, constituted or resident in Hong Kong. The
author(s) of a research report may not be licensed to carry on regulated activities in Hong Kong and, if not licensed, do not hold
themselves out as being able to do so. The provisions set out above in the 'Additional Information' section shall apply to the
fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, including without limitation the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed
or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission. This report is intended for distribution only to 'professional
investors' as defined in Part 1 of Schedule of the SFO. This document must not be acted or relied on by persons who are not
professional investors. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is only available to professional
investors and will be engaged only with professional investors.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and registered
office at 14th Floor, The Capital, C-70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai (India) 400051. Tel: + 91 22 7180 4444. It is
This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
BOBST LIBRARY.
11 March 2025
Semiconductors
NVIDIA Corporation
Page 8 Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration no.: INZ000252437;
Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.:
INH000001741. DEIPL's Compliance / Grievance officer is Ms. Rashmi Poddar (Tel: +91 22 7180 4929 email ID:
complaints.deipl@db.com). Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of
DEIPL or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject  to market risks.  Read all
the related documents carefully before investing. DEIPL may have received administrative warnings from the SEBI for
breaches of Indian regulations. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may have debt holdings or positions in the subject
company.  With regard to information on associates, please refer to the "Shareholdings" section in the Annual Report at: https://
www.db.com/ir/en/annual-reports.htm.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type II
Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved in
stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the transaction
amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result of share price
fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from foreign exchange
fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice, products and services.
Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal and other losses as a result
of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial
products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation.
'Moody's', 'Standard  Poor's', and 'Fitch' mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless
Japan or 'Nippon' is specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by
analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the
foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan.
Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register Number
in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).
Singapore:  This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore
048583, 65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report.
Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert
investor or institutional investor  (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility
to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should independently
evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research may not be
distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent. Information on
securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a
recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall within the
scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West Bay, Level
5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or
services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority.
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, any
appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia (DSSA) is a closed joint stock company authorized by the Capital
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with a license number (No. 37-07073) to conduct the following business
activities: Dealing, Arranging, Advising, and Custody activities.  DSSA registered office is Faisaliah Tower, 17th Floor, King
Fahad Road - Al Olaya District Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia P.O. Box 301806.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated by
the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities
that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International Financial
Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank
AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services
Authority.
Australia and New Zealand :  This research is intended only for 'wholesale clients' within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific research disclosures
and related information at https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-PROD/PROD0000000000521304.xhtml . Where
research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure statement,
prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. In
This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
BOBST LIBRARY.
11 March 2025
Semiconductors
NVIDIA Corporation
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Page 9
preparing this report, the primary analyst or an individual who assisted in the preparation of this report has likely been in contact
with the company that is the subject of this research for confirmation/clarification of data, facts, statements, permission to use
company-sourced material in the report, and/or site-visit attendance.  Without prior approval from Research Management,
analysts may not accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of travel, accommodations, or other expenses
incurred by analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the like. Similarly, without prior approval from
Research Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team, analysts may not accept perks or other items of value
for their personal use from issuers they cover.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Backtested, hypothetical or simulated performance results have inherent limitations. Unlike an actual performance record
based on trading actual client portfolios, simulated results are achieved by means of the retroactive application of a backtested
model itself designed with the benefit of hindsight. Taking into account historical events the backtesting of performance also
differs from actual account performance because an actual investment strategy may be adjusted any time, for any reason,
including a response to material, economic or market factors. The backtested performance includes hypothetical results that
do not reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings or the deduction of advisory fees, brokerage or other
commissions, and any other expenses that a client would have paid or actually paid. No representation is made that any trading
strategy or account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. Alternative modeling techniques or
assumptions might produce significantly different results and prove to be more appropriate. Past hypothetical backtest results
are neither an indicator nor guarantee of future returns. Actual results will vary, perhaps materially, from the analysis.
The method for computing individual E,S,G and composite ESG scores set forth herein is a novel method developed by the
Research department within Deutsche Bank AG, computed using a systematic approach without human intervention.
Different data providers, market sectors and geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of
ways.  As such, the ESG scores referred to herein may differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other ESG
data providers in the market and may also differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other divisions within
the Deutsche Bank Group.  Such ESG scores also differ from other ratings and rankings that have historically been applied in
research reports published by Deutsche Bank AG.  Further, such ESG scores do not represent a formal or official view of
Deutsche Bank AG. It should be noted that the decision to incorporate ESG factors into any investment strategy may inhibit
the ability to participate in certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with your investment objective
and other principal investment strategies. The returns on a portfolio consisting primarily of sustainable investments may be
lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered, and the
investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ. Companies may not necessarily meet high performance
standards on all aspects of ESG or sustainable investing issues; there is also no guarantee that any company will meet
expectations in connection with corporate responsibility, sustainability, and/or impact performance.
Copyright © 2025 Deutsche Bank AG
This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
BOBST LIBRARY.
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Pam Finelli
Global Chief Operating Officer
Research
Steve Pollard
Global Head of Company
Research and Sales
Jim Reid
Global Head of
Macro and Thematic Research
Tim Rokossa
Head of Germany
Research
Gerry Gallagher
Head of European
Company Research
Matthew Barnard
Head of Americas
Company Research
Peter Milliken
Head of APAC
Company Research
Debbie Jones
Global Head of Sustainability
and Data Innovation, Research
Sameer Goel
Global Head of EM & APAC
Research
Francis Yared
Global Head of Rates Research
George Saravelos
Global Head of FX Research
Peter Hooper
Vice-Chair of Research
International Production Locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank Place
Level 16
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
Sydney, NSW 2000
Australia
Tel: (61) 2 8258 1234
Deutsche Bank AG
Equity Research
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Tel: (49) 69 910 00
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Hongkong
International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West,Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 2203 8888
Deutsche Securities Inc.
1-3-1 Azabudai
Azabudai Hills Mori JP Tower
Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-0041
Japan
Tel: (81) 3 6730 1000
Deutsche Bank AG
21 Moorfields
London EC2Y 9DB
United Kingdom
Tel: (44) 20 7545 8000
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
The Deutsche Bank Center
1 Columbus Circle
New York, NY 10019
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500
This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
BOBST LIBRARY.