This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY BOBST LIBRARY. Not for redistribution.
This report may not be modiﬁed or altered in any way. The BLOOMBERG PROFESSIONAL service and BLOOMBERG Data are owned and
distributed locally by Bloomberg Finance LP ("BFLP") and its subsidiaries in all jurisdictions other than Argentina, Bermuda, China, India,
Japan and Korea (the ("BFLP Countries"). BFLP is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bloomberg LP ("BLP"). BLP provides BFLP with all the global
marketing and operational support and service for the Services and distributes the Services either directly or through a non-BFLP subsidiary
in the BLP Countries. BFLP, BLP and their aﬃliates do not provide investment advice, and nothing herein shall constitute an oﬀer of
ﬁnancial instruments by BFLP, BLP or their aﬃliates.
Bloomberg® 03/21/2025 15:15:07
Geetha RanganathanTeam: MediaBI Senior Industry Analyst
Ad Agencies' Risk From RFK Jr. Pharma Ban
Read Research Report: Omnicom Equity Research
Omnicom, Interpublic Can Weather Potential RFK Jr. Pharma-Ad Ban
(Bloomberg Intelligence) -- With Robert F Kennedy Jr. -- an advocate for banning drug ads on TV --
set to become US health secretary, Omnicom and Interpublic face risk, though it might be a small
one. With about $8 billion spent on pharma ads, according to Magna Global, we calculate the two
companies account for roughly 45%, or $3.6 billion. That could result in around a $350 million
impact, or a manageable 1.5% decline in combined revenue. (02/10/25)
1. Pharmaceutical Makes Up 11% of TV Ads
Contributing Analysts Raveeno Douglas
At $8 billion, the pharmaceutical industry makes up just over 2% of all US ads, according to Magna
Global, with almost all spent on prescription drugs. The US is the only country other than New
Zealand that allows prescription drugs to be advertised on national television. That's made it a
critical vertical for national TV, where at $4 billion it has a 11% share of total spending. TV is an
ideal medium for pharma companies, given the appeal to a slightly older demographic and
because legal requirements have meant a slower shift to digital outlets. Drug brands allotted only
40% of their ad budgets to digital in 2023 vs. the 77% average for all other verticals.
Pharmaceuticals are one of a few recession-resistant verticals. Demand is inelastic due to the
necessity of taking prescription medications. (02/10/25)
National TV Ads by Vertical
2. Advertising Ban Likely Manageable
Contributing Analysts Raveeno Douglas
Both Omnicom and Interpublic have heavy exposure to the health-care and pharmaceutical
vertical, which has typically been considered a positive given the sector's resilience in economic
downturns. Still, an impending ban on drug advertising could have a negative impact, especially on
the media-buying portion. Omnicom and Interpublic having a combined 19% revenue exposure to
pharma and health care, suggesting roughly $4.7 billion in yearly sales. We assume that the two
agencies make up roughly 40-45% of drug media spending, which implies as much as $3.6 billion
in gross spending or billings. A 9-10% take rate for the two companies would mean about $350
This document is being provided for the exclusive use of DANIEL LIU at NEW YORK UNIVERSITY BOBST LIBRARY. Not for redistribution.
This report may not be modiﬁed or altered in any way. The BLOOMBERG PROFESSIONAL service and BLOOMBERG Data are owned and
distributed locally by Bloomberg Finance LP ("BFLP") and its subsidiaries in all jurisdictions other than Argentina, Bermuda, China, India,
Japan and Korea (the ("BFLP Countries"). BFLP is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bloomberg LP ("BLP"). BLP provides BFLP with all the global
marketing and operational support and service for the Services and distributes the Services either directly or through a non-BFLP subsidiary
in the BLP Countries. BFLP, BLP and their aﬃliates do not provide investment advice, and nothing herein shall constitute an oﬀer of
ﬁnancial instruments by BFLP, BLP or their aﬃliates.
Bloomberg® 03/21/2025 15:15:07
million of net revenue exposure, indicating a negligible 1.5% impact on their combined revenue of
an estimated $25 billion. (02/10/25)
Omnicom+Interpublic: Revenue by Vertical
3. AbbVie, Sanoﬁ Are Top Advertising Spenders
Contributing Analysts Raveeno Douglas
(02/10/25)
Biggest Linear-Media Spenders
To contact the analyst for this research:
Geetha Ranganathan at granganathan@bloomberg.net